Trendlines scheduled views (#2523)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/scheduled-views/view-list-scheduled-views.md

title: View Information About Scheduled Views

> description: Learn how to view a list of scheduled views configured for your org, and to view the details of a scheduled view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to view a list of scheduled views configured for your org and to view the details of a scheduled view.
```

    * **Name**. The name assigned to the scheduled view.
    * **Storage Consumed**. The total volume of uncompressed data ingested across the duration of the retention period.
    * **Retention Period**. The number of days configured as the retention period.

>     * **Data Forwarding**. Indicates the name of the [data forwarding](../data-forwarding/amazon-s3-bucket.md) destination, if the scheduled view is configured to forward data to the S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Data Forwarding**. Indicates the name of the [data forwarding](../data-forwarding/amazon-s3-bucket.md) destination if the scheduled view is configured to forward data to the S3 bucket.
```

1. To view details of a scheduled view configuration, click the row that contains the view. <br/>![sched-view-more-options.png](/img/scheduled-views/sched-view-more-options.png)
1. A pane pops up on the right side of the page with the following information.
    * **Name**. Displays the name of the scheduled view.
    * **Query**. The query that returns the data for the scheduled view.
    * **Search Mode**. Indicates the type of search mode, such as Manual Mode or Auto Parse Mode.
    * **Progress**. Indicates how up-to-date the scheduled view is.

>     * **Data scanned to fill this scheduled view**.Provides trend information about the data scanned over time and displays the total data scanned for the selected time to run the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Data scanned to fill this scheduled view**. Provides trend information about the data scanned over time and displays the total data scanned for the selected time to run the query.
```

    * **Retention Period**. The period of time data in the scheduled view is retained.

>     * **Start Date**. The date that data was first added to the scheduled view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Start Date**. Date when data was first added to the scheduled view.
```

>     * **Data Forwarding**. If the scheduled view is configured to forward data to an S3 bucket, this column contains the name of the [data forwarding](../data-forwarding/amazon-s3-bucket.md) destination.  

Reviewer: This doesn't read well. It's not clear which specific column is being referred to.

Author: updated.

1. To view details of a scheduled view configuration, click the row that contains the view. <br/>![sched-view-more-options.png](/img/scheduled-views/sched-view-more-options.png)

> 1. A pane pops up on the right side of the page with the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A pane pops up on the right side of the page with the following information.
```

    * **Name**. Displays the name of the scheduled view.

>     * **Query**. The query that returns that data to be written to the scheduled view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Query**. The query that returns the data for the scheduled view.
```

>     * **Query**. The query that returns that data to be written to the scheduled view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Query**. The query that returns the data for the scheduled view.
```
